"To invest successfully over a lifetime does not require a stratospheric IQ, unusual business insights, or inside information.  What’s needed is a sound intellectual framework for making decisions and the ability to keep emotions from corroding that framework  - The Intelligent investor."
"The sillier the market’s behavior, the greater the opportunity for the business like investor  - The Intelligent investor."
"The intelligent investor is a realist who sells to optimists and buys from pessimists  - The Intelligent investor."
"No matter how careful you are, the one risk no investor can ever eliminate is the risk of being wrong.  Only by insisting on what Graham called the “margin of safety” – never overpaying, no matter how exciting an investment seems to be – can you minimize your odds of error  - The Intelligent investor."
"By developing your discipline and courage, you can refuse to let other people’s mood swings govern your financial destiny. In the end, how your investments behave is much less important than how you behave  - The Intelligent investor."
"The purpose of this book is to supply, in the form suitable for laymen, guidance in the adoption and execution of an investment policy  - The Intelligent investor."
"No statement is more true and better applicable to Wall Street than the famous warning of Santayana: “Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it”  - The Intelligent investor."
"We have not known a single person who has consistently or lastingly make money by thus “following the market”.  We do not hesitate to declare this approach is as fallacious as it is popular  - The Intelligent investor."
"The defensive (or passive) investor will place chief emphasis on the avoidance of serious mistakes or losses.  His second aim will be freedom from effort, annoyance, and the need for making frequent decisions  - The Intelligent investor."
"The determining trait of the enterprising (or active, or aggressive) investor is his willingness to devote time and care to the selection of securities that are both sound and more attractive than the average  - The Intelligent investor."
"The investor’s chief problem – and even his worst enemy – is likely to be himself  - The Intelligent investor."
"For 99 issues out of 100 we could say that at some price they are cheap enough to buy and at some price they would be so dear that they would be sold  - The Intelligent investor."
"The distinction between investment and speculation in common stocks has always been a useful one and its disappearance is cause for concern  - The Intelligent investor."
"Never mingle your speculative and investment operations in the same account nor in any part of your thinking  - The Intelligent investor."
"To enjoy a reasonable chance for continued better than average results, the investor must follow policies which are (1) inherently sound and promising, and (2) not popular on Wall Street  - The Intelligent investor."
"Speculative stock movements are carried too far in both directions, frequently in the general market and at all times in at least some of the individual issues  - The Intelligent investor."
"An investor calculates what a stock is worth, based on the value of its businesses  - The Intelligent investor."
"A speculator gambles that a stock will go up in price because somebody else will pay even more for it  - The Intelligent investor."
"People who invest make money for themselves; people who speculate make money for their brokers .And that, in turn, is why Wall Street perennially downplays the durable virtues of investing and hypes the gaudy appeal of speculation  - The Intelligent investor."
"Confusing speculation with investment is always a mistake  - The Intelligent investor."
"The value of any investment is, and always must be, a function of the price you pay for it  - The Intelligent investor."
"The most striking thing about Graham’s discussion of how to allocate your assets between stocks and bonds is that he never mentions the word “age”  - The Intelligent investor."
"The beauty of periodic rebalancing is that it forces you to base your investing decisions on a simple, objective standard  - The Intelligent investor."
"We urge the beginner in security buying not to waste his efforts and his money in trying to beat the market.  Let him study security values and initially test out his judgment on price versus value with the smallest possible sums  - The Intelligent investor."
"There is no reason to feel any shame in hiring someone to pick stocks or mutual funds for you.  But there’s one responsibility that you must never delegate.  You, and no one but you, must investigate whether an adviser is trustworthy and charges reasonable fees  - The Intelligent investor."
"Thousands of people have tried, and the evidence is clear: The more you trade, the less you keep  - The Intelligent investor."
"We define a bargain issue as one which, on the basis of facts established by analysis, appears to be worth considerably more that it is selling for  - The Intelligent investor."
"In an ideal world, the intelligent investor would hold stocks only when they are cheap and sell them when they become overpriced, then duck into the bunker of bonds and cash until stocks again become cheap enough to buy  - The Intelligent investor."
"In the financial markets, hindsight is forever 20/20, but foresight is legally blind.  And thus, for most investors, market timing is a practical and emotional impossibility  - The Intelligent investor."
"A great company is not a great investment if you pay too much for the stock  - The Intelligent investor."
"The intelligent investor gets interested in big growth stocks not when they are at their most popular – but when something goes wrong  - The Intelligent investor."
"It is absurd to think that the general public can ever make money out of market forecasts  - The Intelligent investor."
"It should be remembered that a decline of 50% fully offsets a preceding advance of 100%  - The Intelligent investor."
"Even the intelligent investor is likely to need considerable will power to keep from following the crowd  - The Intelligent investor."
"Price fluctuations have only one significant meaning for the true investor.  They provide him with an opportunity to buy wisely when prices fall sharply and to sell wisely when they advance a great deal  - The Intelligent investor."
"The speculator’s primary interest lies in anticipating and profiting from market fluctuations.  The investor’s primary interest lies in acquiring and holding suitable securities at suitable prices  - The Intelligent investor."
"Always remember that market quotations are there for convenience, either to be taken advantage of or to be ignored  - The Intelligent investor."
"Never buy a stock because it has gone up or sell one because it has gone down  - The Intelligent investor."
"The investor should be aware that even though safety of its principal and interest may be unquestioned, a long term bond could vary widely in market price in response to changes in interest rates  - The Intelligent investor."
"Nothing important on Wall Street can be counted on to occur exactly in the same way as it happened before  - The Intelligent investor."
"Mr.  Market does not always price stocks the way an appraiser or a private buyer would value a business.  Instead, when stocks are going up, he happily pays more than their objective value; and, when they are going down, he is desperate to dump them for less than their true worth  - The Intelligent investor."
"The intelligent investor shouldn’t ignore Mr.  Market entirely.  Instead, you should do business with him- but only to the extent that it serves your interests  - The Intelligent investor."
"Mr.  Market’s job is to provide you with prices; your job is to decide whether it is to your advantage to act on them.  You no not have to trade with hime just because he constantly begs you to  - The Intelligent investor."
"Investing isn’t about beating others at their game.  It’s about controlling yourself at your own game  - The Intelligent investor."
"The best way to measure your investing success is not by whether you’re beating the market but by whether you’ve put in place a financial plan and a behavioral discipline that are likely to get you where you want to go  - The Intelligent investor."
"Only in the exceptional case, where the integrity and competence of the advisers have been thoroughly demonstrated, should the investor act upon the advice of others without understanding and approving the decision made  - The Intelligent investor."
"Before you place your financial future in the hands of an adviser, it’s imperative that you find someone who not only makes you comfortable but whose honesty is beyond reproach  - The Intelligent investor."
"If fees consume more than 1% of your assets annually, you should probably shop for another adviser  - The Intelligent investor."
"The ideal form of common stock analysis leads to a valuation of the issue which can be compared with the current price to determine whether or not the security is an attractive purchase  - The Intelligent investor."
"The only thing you should do with pro forma earnings is ignore them  - The Intelligent investor."
"High valuations entail high risks  - The Intelligent investor."
"Even defensive portfolios should be changed from time to time, especially if the securities purchased have an apparently excessive advance and can be replaced by issues much more reasonable priced  - The Intelligent investor."
"A defensive investor can always prosper by looking patiently and calmly through the wreckage of a bear market  - The Intelligent investor."
"The best values today are often found in the stocks that were once hot and have since gone cold  - The Intelligent investor."
"It’s nonsensical to derive a price/earnings ratio by dividing the known current price by unknown future earnings  - The Intelligent investor."
"Calculate a stock’s price/earnings ratio yourself, using Graham’s formula of current price divided by average earnings over the past three years  - The Intelligent investor."
"Avoid second-quality issues in making up a portfolio unless they are demonstrable bargains  - The Intelligent investor."
"To see how much a company is truly earning on the capital it deploys in its businesses, look beyond EPS to Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)  - The Intelligent investor."
"Wall Street has a few prudent principles; the trouble is that they are always forgotten when they are most needed  - The Intelligent investor."
"Although there are good and bad companies, there is no such thing as a good stock; there are only good stock prices, which come and go  - The Intelligent investor."
"In the short run the market is a voting machine, but in the long run it is a weighing machine  - The Intelligent investor."
"The intelligent investor should recognize that market panics can create great prices for good companies and good prices for great companies  - The Intelligent investor."
"The secret of sound investment into three words: MARGIN OF SAFETY  - The Intelligent investor."
"The margin  of safety is always dependent on the price paid.  It will be large at one price, small at some higher price, nonexistent at some still higher price  - The Intelligent investor."
"There is a close logical connection between the concept of a safety margin and the principle of diversification  - The Intelligent investor."
"Diversification is an established tenet of conservative investment  - The Intelligent investor."
"It is our argument that a sufficiently low price can turn a security of mediocre quality into a sound investment opportunity — provided that the buyer is informed and experienced and he practices adequate diversification.  For, if the price is low enough to create a substantial margin of safety, the security thereby meets our criterion of investment  - The Intelligent investor."
"Investment is most intelligent when it is most businesslike  - The Intelligent investor."
"Losing some money is an inevitable part of investing, and there’s nothing you can do to prevent it.  But to be an intelligent investor, you must take responsibility for ensuring that you never lose most or all of your money  - The Intelligent investor."
"By refusing to pay too much for an investment, you minimize the chances that your wealth will ever disappear or suddenly be destroyed  - The Intelligent investor."
"Before you invest, you must ensure that you have realistically assessed your probability of being right and how you will react to the consequences of being wrong  - The Intelligent investor."
"Successful investing is about managing risk, not avoiding it  - The Intelligent investor."
"At heart, “uncertainty” and “investing” are synonyms  - The Intelligent investor."
"Without a saving faith in the future, no one would ever invest at all.  To be an investor, you must be a believer in a better tomorrow  - The Intelligent investor."
